---
title: Trimester 2 N@TM Checkout
layout: default
description: Trimester 2 Cyber Security Project Review
type: notes
comment: true
---

## Two Trimester focus planning

### How you used N@tM to capture test data to be used in trimester 3

We polled people who tried out all of our existing features and found the average here:

1. Aesthetics: 9/10
2. Fun: 5/10
3. Educational: 10/10
4. Come back again for long term sign up account: 7/10

Data Captured in Trimester 3 Project
- login data (although we used a local backend)
- leaderboard data

### Areas of Growth

#### From Feedback:
Enhance the enjoyment of the games by incorporating engaging elements. For instance, introduce a level system to the spot-the-difference game and incorporate additional visuals, including animations.

Revise the educational vulnerability database format to enhance user-friendliness and readability. The current presentation contains extensive text, and efforts should be directed towards making it less overwhelming.

Enable users to view their top scores both on their profile page and the leaderboard. Consider displaying each user's game session history to illustrate progress and foster motivation.

Ensure the leaderboard is seamlessly connected with users, enabling post requests to function effectively. Implement a feature to display users' names instead of their IDs for better identification.

#### Personal Goals:
1. Try login system again
2. Working logout system

#### Future Additions:
1. The spot-the-difference and password games get boring quickly.
2. Finish up the leaderboard and connect it to the leader board so that we assign the score to the name rather than the id or input the score into the Person database so that it's one big database instead of two separate ones


## Blog on our team

### Glows
- We stepped out of our comfort zones to try and tackle something we hadn’t ever done before. (grace and login, vivian and leaderboard, aliya and deployment, emma and ai(still working on that skill))
- More proficiency in JAVA for everyone!
- We all learned how to use pull requests and merge branches
- Worked together well, had stand up meetings and facetime calls, followed the scrumboard

### Grows
- Changes got mixed up in different branches. We need to learn to always pull before making changes. Next trimester, we should look into using forked repositories so it isn't hard to manage branches.
- Learn now to debug in the backend
- Become more familiar with how to fix issues, especially 500!
- sound more professional during presentations
- learn to make something boring more engaging!!!

### Event


reflection on glows/grows from your demo/presentations
visuals or pics of team and people you talked
Blog on event

something you saw in CompSci that impressed
something you saw outside of CompSci that you liked